Now you'll learn the basics about sending requests in our example here with the help of years and using
that data let's move on and let's not see how we can make sure that we can click on one of these posts
and then load the post stated there so fetched the data for de-selected post.
When we selected it for this of course mean to make sure that we can click our and single posts here.
So in the post component of first of all add a listener to the whole article aliment and there I expect
to get a property which holds a reference to the method which should be executed upon a click.
So here I'll name the prop collect in the block container.
I now need to pass dead click prop queue to post and I'll just split it over multiple lines to make
it a bit easier to read and clicked here as I've just said should hold that method reference which should
get executed on a click.
So we have a class based container here let's add such a method.
The Post clicked or maybe post selected handler and there I expect to get an argument.
The idea of the post which was selected now down there where we rendered a list of posts I can pass
and E-6 function arrow function as a reference which should be executed when we click on a post and
they don't want to execute the post select that handler.
But now I can pass post ID as an argument to that method.
So now I got an idea to work with now that ID should be passed to the full post component.
So we should probably store it in the state on maybe selected post property like this state selected
post ID so that inside full post we can listen to us getting a new ID and that fetched they afforded
ID.
So now we need to create debt selected posts id property in the state of the block container and then
their posts like that handler we can call this set state and set the selected post ID to the ID we received
as an argument here.
So now were passing that ID to the full post component.
And maybe you should also define Selecta post ID to be an initial.
Now maybe here on the state.
So now we added that code.
Now we have to go to the full post component and do something with the idea here.
Now there first of all we can use the ID to output either.
Please select the post or de-selected post depending on whether we have an ID or not.
So lets say the default should be 3 3C please select the post and I'll add some inline styling here
to centredness by simply setting text align to center.
And now I want to check if this prompts ID.
If this is true ish initially ID in the block container is null and we're passing this to full post
and NULL is treated as false.
So initially it does check here.
Will return false so we won't get inside the if block.
If we do get inside which we only do once the ID is something which is not treated as false.
So something above 1 or equal to or higher than 1 and all the IDs we get from the server are equal to
or higher than 1.
Once this is the case I want to output that post.
So now we should have the following behavior that if I saved this we now can click on one of these posts.
And now we see it.
And as you saw before I clicked it we see police select post.
So that's working.
Now in the next lecture let's make sure that we also fetched the data for that given post.
Once we selected it.